together with Mod Squad I got the
Ashland the mustache linkedlist update
myself I don't care I love being old let
me see okay so we're gonna do come on
and dance so I don't have my dancers in
here not usually i got some fans of due
to dance they're funny a bunch of girls
dancing it's great but that's weird
anyway well i got mustache on my guitar
how close i get to dance with a guy
anyway never after stuff stop talking
God all right mustaches pin that must
read did it was playing I got pictures
improving life he said was her mustache
and he's like six foot porn on the grand
absolute amazing guy um anyway this is
karen brown sugar hey there huggle said
you know but no love you that's so nice
I'll give you a little some some when i
get 0
okay here we go alright thanks again ok
you her name and Ethan doing strip
on my heart talk to Matt no
start today you want me to stick it out
of my mind steely low
hold down here can I give you everything
knocking
ha
can I give that to you
let me show it to you
come on
come
and
pictures of you I have my pocket whole
day and night you wish me away
you ever seen a kid
same way
you let me show it to you
Oh
come on
d
Oh